Add documentation (#1)
TakeScoop/terraform-provider-localtime: docs/index.md

> # Localtime Provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Local Time Provider
```

> The localtime provider converts a local timestamp (e.g. without timezone info) into one with the specified timezone and layout. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The localtime provides resources for dealing with local times and time zones.
```
